# HardestGameEver
This is a game similar to World's Hardest Game, implemented entirely in java.

This is one of the first projects I developed in Java.
It is a simple game, resembling the World's Hardest Game. It has been implemented in several classes in Java. It contains only one image for the background and an image for each level. All other graphics are painted during runtime. When the game starts, the user controls a red square, which can move in all directions on the plane. It starts in a green rectangle, which indicates the starting position, and must reach another green rectangle, which is the finish line. There might be other green rectangles in between, which serve as check points, where the user's square is sent to if it is killed. The enemies are the blue circles, which move rapidly around the screen. The player must avoid the blue circles and reach the finish line, advancing to the next level. Currently, there are only two levels, but I have plans to create more. I have separated the level outlines from the code, so one can easily create new levels. The levels consist of a background image outlining the boundaries, and a text file, which describes the boundaries, the green checkpoints' position and the blue circles' path.
The game can be played inside a browser using the .htm document in the bin folder. However, most current browser functions will not let you play it for security reasons (because the program accesses the text files for the levels and loads the data from them). However, you can download the project, load it up in Eclipse or Netbeans, and run a simulated Applet.
